Package 47

Many PC applications have separate menus for selecting typeface families and
typeface styles. Most applications let you choose among regular, bold, and
italic styles in the Style menu. However, some Adobe Type Library packages
include font software with additional style variations and stroke weight
variations. To select these variations, you need to know how the bold and
italic styles are linked to the base typeface. For example, the New Caledonia
typeface includes semi-bold, bold, and black. To use New Caledonia Black, you
need to choose New Caledonia SemiBold from the application's Font menu (or
equivalent), and then choose Bold from the Style menu (or equivalent).

If you are using a Microsoft Windows application, Ventura Publisher or
Microsoft Word, follow the guide to typeface style selection below. (The
Microsoft Word menu name will be as listed below but with any spaces in it
removed.) If you are using an application other than these, refer to the
application's documentation.

If you are reading this document using Windows Notepad, please make sure to
set your left and right margins to zero before printing.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PostScript                    Menu Name Plus Style Links          DOS File
Name                          (BOLD, ITALIC, and BOLDITALIC)      Name
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Futura-CondensedLight         Futura CondensedLight               FUCL____.PFB
Futura-CondensedLightOblique  Futura CondensedLight,ITALIC        FUCLO___.PFB
Futura-Condensed              Futura Condensed                    FUC_____.PFB
Futura-CondensedBold          Futura Condensed,BOLD               FUCB____.PFB
Futura-CondensedOblique       Futura Condensed,ITALIC             FUCO____.PFB
Futura-CondensedBoldOblique   Futura Condensed,BOLDITALIC         FUCBO___.PFB
Futura-CondensedExtraBold     Futura CondensedExtraBold           FUCEB___.PFB
Futura-CondExtraBoldObl       Futura CondensedExtraBold,ITALIC    FCEBO___.PFB
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
